Hi. My name is Angela Ivana and I’m the CEO
and founder of CosmoSafe, a beauty
edtech company. We offer more than content in a platform.
We’re challenging an outdated education system
so we can help beauty professionals
and change the future of beauty education.
I was a disenchanted high school student when I joined the NFTE program.
I feared school would lead to a cycle of sitting at more desks all my life.
NFTE reignited my excitement for school.
They helped me connect the dots between education
and my future through entrepreneurship.
I supported myself in high school and college by working in financial services.
However, the market crashed,
and my work experience in banking no longer mattered.
After graduating college, I felt law school was no longer an option
because of the amount of debt I had acquired.
When I couldn’t find work, I got creative
and I started a mobile makeup business.
Later, I took a job as a regional education manager
for a massive beauty brand.
This job led me to discovering education needs in the beauty industry.
Makeup professionals were telling me that their hair
and cosmetology degrees
had failed to prepare them for the real world,
and that they couldn’t afford to pay back their loans.
Well, after graduating during a market crash,
I understood what that was like:
to have a worthless degree, poor job prospects, and high debt.
CosmoSafe demonstrates creativity and innovation
because we’re supplying the beauty market with a unique
and unexpected approach to education
which solves problems for beauty professionals, states,
and retail cosmetic businesses.
Currently, beauty schools pair makeup artistry with skincare or haircare.
Makeup schools then assume that makeup artists only need to
learn techniques like how to do a red lip.
CosmoSafe is here to challenge that.
Using beauty industry culture, we’re creatively applying
the idea of online certification to the beauty industry.
We focus on previously ignored content like hygiene, science,
and business principles for makeup artistry.
We’re excited to innovate and create a future
where beauty education is offered online
in a fun, affordable, and engaging way.